src/doc/asciidoc/common/errors.adoc, before:

Errors may occur for several reasons. In the event of any error, the correct HTTP status code will be returned.
See <<HTTP Conventions>>. Where possible, in the event of an error the API will return a response body containing
further details to help diagnose the error, in JSON format.

=== Client Errors

Requests that are invalid due to missing mandatory parameters or incorrectly formatted request bodies etc, will result
in an HTTP 400 status code, and a response body that provides further details. For example, when a mandatory parameter
is missing, a response such as the following example will be provided:

include::{snippets}/missing-parameter-error/http-response.adoc[]

The response body includes the following details:

include::{snippets}/missing-parameter-error/response-fields.adoc[]

=== Detailed Error Codes

Where an error response occurs, one or more of the following error codes may appear and can be used to understand the
cause of the error.

[caption=]
.Informational error codes
[cols="1,3"]
|===
| Code | Meaning

| `to do`
| to do - Pending details of Home Office standard error codes
|===

Commit message:

Tech debt (#20)
* Apply PTTG common gradle plugins

* Make error codes consistent with all UI projects

* Update the BDD

* First draft audit mechanism

* Serve api-docs from /

* Change healthcheck endpoint to /healthz

* Correct table headers

* Cleaner jar config

* Consistent logging levels

src/doc/asciidoc/common/errors.adoc, after:

Errors may occur for several reasons. In the event of any error, the correct HTTP status code will be returned.
See <<HTTP Conventions>>. Where possible, in the event of an error the API will return a response body containing
further details to help diagnose the error, in JSON format.

=== Client Errors

Requests that are invalid due to missing mandatory parameters or incorrectly formatted request bodies etc, will result
in an HTTP 400 status code, and a response body that provides further details. For example, when a mandatory parameter
is missing, a response such as the following example will be provided:

include::{snippets}/missing-parameter-error/http-response.adoc[]

The response body includes the following details:

include::{snippets}/missing-parameter-error/response-fields.adoc[]

=== Detailed Error Codes

Where an error response occurs, one or more of the following error codes may appear and can be used to understand the
cause of the error.

[caption=]
.Informational error codes
[cols="1,3"]
|===
| Code | Meaning

| `0001`
| Missing parameter
| `0002`
| Invalid parameter type
| `0003`
| Invalid parameter format
| `0004`
| Invalid parameter value
| `0005`
| Internal server error
| `0006`
| Error inside an external service
| `0007`
| Bad request made to an external service
| `0008`
| Error connecting to an external service
| `0009`
| Resource not found

|===
